# Tratamento de imagens - FUNWAX
Image that its a micro with reynolds 2000 the classification its make some outliers(no child/parent)
Micro,1000 -> Images that have the short time

## Classification folder
This project have images with crystals. 
Start to found the crystals using the library open-cv.

* Acronyms in scripts
    * AR: Aspect ratio of crystal
    * Reynolds: Reynolds Number
    * Type: Type of crystal

    ## main.py
        * Input: the folder path of the images. 

    ## classfication_crystal.py
        * Receive the each image and found, through filters and functions from open-cv, the crystals.
        * Create the database with all crystals.

    ## test_filers.py
        * A script to test many filters to applied to the image in classification_crystal.py

    ## pos_processing.py
        * Analyse the database generated by clasification_crystal.py
        * Some graphics in script:
            1: AR x Reynolds, hue = Type
            2: AR x Reynolds, hue = Toil
            3: AR x Reynolds, hue = Tcool
            4: AR x Time, hue = Type
            5: Distribution of AR
            6: N of crystals x Reynolds, hue = Type
            7: N of crystals x Reynolds, hue = Toil
            8: N of crystals x Reynolds, hue = Tcool
            9: N of crystal x Time, hue = Type

## Island_classification_at_micro folder
We started the project by cropping the images from the center, see in function crop_the_image at Classification/classificaiton_crystals. But we noticed that some micro images has the crystals in 'islands'. These islands are not necessarily in the center of image. So the ideia is, using low level filters, crop the islands from images. Then we give that islands to classify.


    ## island_identification.py

## Validation folder

## Obs
Some rectangles are bigger then others. The option is calculate the distribution of crystals in each image and delete the rect that is out
of 75% by medium. 
